what is DEVOPS?
    ans) devops is a software development approach that emphasizes collaboration and communication b/w
        development and operations teams.

    What is software development life cycle?
    Ans) The Software Development Lifecycle (SDLC) is a structured process used by 
    software developers and project managers to design, develop, test, deploy, and maintain software. 

    --> SDLC MODELS
       . Waterfall MODELS - Linear and sequential each phase must be completed before the next begins.
       . agile MODEL - Iterative and incremental,emphasizes collaboration, flexibility, and continuous delivery nad it's given a sprints.
       . spiral MODEL - Combines iterative development with risk analysis.
       . v MODEL(Validation and Verification) - Extension of Waterfall with corresponding testing phases.
       . iteration MODEL - the software is developed and refined through repeated cycles (iterations).
       . devops MODEL - Integrates development and operations for continuous integration and delivery (CI/CD).

       --> phases of  MODELS
        .Waterfall MODEL - Planning,designing,implementation,testing,maintainance.
        .agile MODEL - Planning,designing,testing,review,cilent feedback.
        .spiral model - Planning,risk analysis, Engineering,Evaluation.   
        .v model 
          Development Phase	                    Corresponding Testing Phase
           Requirement analysis     ->          Acceptance testing
           System analysis          ->          System testing
           Software design          ->          Integration testing
           Module design            ->          Unit design
           Coding                   ->          Coding development.
        
        .Iteration model - Planning,Requirement Analysis,Design,Implementation,Testing,Deployment,Maintainance.
        . devops model - Planning,coding,building,testing,deployment,operate,monitor.



        --> DEVOPS LIFE CYCLE
           In this life cycle have 7 c's are present.
           .continuous development - plan,code
           .continuous integration - it's combines the CD,CT,CM,CD.
           .continuous testing - build,test
           .continuous deployment - release,deploy
           .continuous MONITORING - operate,monitor
           .continuous feedback -  after the released product or software its review from cilent.
           .continuous operations - practice on the applications and infrasturcture.